c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\HOIGUI.exe.config
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\HOIGUI.exe
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\HOIGUI.pdb
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.g.resources
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.exe
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\HOIGUI.pdb
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\MegaApiClient.dll
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\MegaApiClient.xml
c:\users\duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\Duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
C:\Users\Duglas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\WinDownload.baml
C:\Users\Duglas\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\WinDownload.g.cs
C:\Users\Duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Duglas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HOIGUI\HOIGUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
